Welcome back everyone.
It's time again to test your new skills for Bartsch hurts in this lecture.
We'll have a quick overview of the exercise and then the following lecture will go over the solutions.
Let's get started by going over your exercise.
Hi ascript.
All right so here we are at the exercise that PI script the objective for this exercise is to create
a stacked bar chart from a data file and that data file is underneath the data folder it's called the
maake surveyed thought CSP.
And we should note that the questions appear in the index of this thought see as we file.
So you can use that for the x axis while responses appear as column labels.
Now is extra credit.
You can go ahead and make a horizontal bar chart.
Let's take a quick look at what this should appear like.
Once you've actually created the figure and then if you want I'll give you a couple more hints or we
can skip forward to try it yourself and then go to the solutions.
First off let's see what the actual bar charts should look like.
All right.
So this is what the completed bar charts should look like.
We have a bar question one question to question three and then we can see the stacks of strongly agree
somewhat disagree all the way to neutral and strongly agree here.
And if you do the extra credit which is to make this a horizontal bar plot it would then look something
like this.
It's the same thing just the axes have been switched.
All right.
Now if you want you can go ahead and attempt that yourself.
But what I'm going to do now is give you a couple of hints on how to work with the actual CFE file that
may help you out a bit if you're having trouble at the panda section as far as creating the traces for
each of these bar plots.
So let's go back to that script.
OK let's give you a few hints as far as dealing with this CACP file because the pand those for this
may be a little tricky especially if you're new to panderers.
Once you've done your imports you're going to want to read in your data frame.
But keep in mind that for this particular CXXVI file that the questions appear in the index and you
can use that for the x axis.
So what I mean by that is when you're reading in your data frame you should do the following.
You can say Dhia physical to PD read V and set that equal to that dataset member it's muk survey.
And then as an additional parameter you can say Index underscore C L and set an index column.
And if you set that to 0 then when you read in this data frame you're going to have access to those
actual questions through the index.
So that means during your list comprehension of data is equal to.
And you would create a list comprehension go that bar and then inside here you'll be able to do something
now that you have the index column set to 0.
That's going to be the very first column that CSP file.
You can be able to set X as equal to DFT index here and that's going to be something like for response
in the columns and then I'll let you try to figure out why I should be here.
But it's essentially going to be just calling that response column in your data frame.
If you get stuck on this feel free to check out the solutions.
A lot of this is basically just using tricks with pandas and list comprehension more so than plot Lee.
And to be honest that happens quite a bit.
Usually I have to massage your data a little bit in order to fit platies syntax.
OK.
We'll see you at the solutions.